brimo: brimo
trx: transaksi
rek: rekening
trnsfr: transfer
krm: kirim
sldo: saldo
terimakasih: terima kasih
udah: sudah
bri: brimo
pake: pakai
apk: aplikasi
bri: brimo
blm: belum
bikin: buat
tau: tahu
bgt: banget
trus: terus
instal: install
bener: benar
tgl: tanggal
eror: error
makasih: terima kasih
dapet: dapat
trimakasih: terima kasih
jgn: jangan
ngasih: memberi
dpt: dapat
gaada: tidak ada
gada: tidak ada
gamau: tidak mau
gatau: tidak tahu
gabisa: tidak bisa
ga bisa: tidak bisa
emang: memang
cepet: cepat
mantab: mantap
liat: lihat
skrg: sekarang
trs: terus
kasi: kasih
males: malas
uninstal: uninstall
bsa: bisa
cuman: cuma
tetep: tetap
dasboard: dashboard
nyampe: sampai
belom: belum
pesen: pesan
blanja: belanja
apl: aplikasi
nyoba: mencoba
bgus: bagus
pengen: ingin
vocer: voucher
slalu: selalu
baguss: bagus
org: orang
blum: belum
abis: habis
dibatalin: dibatalkan
trima: terima
kesel: kesal
brg: barang
masukin: masukkan
ilang: hilang
blom: belum
bnyak: banyak
dikit: sedikit
skrng: sekarang
anter: antar
pke: pakai
bnyk: banyak
nyari: mencari
smoga: semoga
dipake: dipakai
mantapp: mantap
recomended: recommended
dasbord: dashboard
nipu: menipu
vocher: voucher
komplen: complain
lbh: lebih
donlod: download
skil: skill
terimaksih: terima kasih
muter: memutar
sngat: sangat
jt: juta
maksa: memaksa
sma: sama
bngt: banget
dateng: datang
blnja: belanja
ksh: kasih
nanya: tanya
terimah: terima
hrs: harus
mantappp: mantap
platihan: pelatihan
balikin: balikkan
pokonya: pokoknya
seneng: senang
academi: akademi
kemaren: kemarin
smpe: sampai
nambah: tambah
byk: banyak
expedisi: ekspedisi
dasbor: dashboard
smua: semua
terimakasi: terima kasih
ngerti: mengerti
ksih: kasih
pakek: pakai
make: pakai
telpon: telepon
bnget: banget
temen: teman
complain: complain
gajelas: tidak jelas
dowload: download
bru: baru
hr: hari
apps: aplikasi
boong: bohong
ttp: tetap
gede: besar
cm: cuma
moga: semoga
bagusss: bagus
mesti: pasti
tlp: telepon
akademy: akademi
smpai: sampai
bli: beli
tlg: tolong
cpt: cepat
bgs: bagus
mlh: malah
bales: balas
mantep: mantap
mntap: mantap
ngiklan: mengiklan
gausah: tidak usah
donwload: download
milih: pilih
kluar: keluar
sllu: selalu
capek: cape
apknya: aplikasinya
banyakin: banyakkan
tks: terima kasih
byr: bayar
brang: barang
system: sistem
beneran: benaran
skali: sekali
sgt: sangat
ngisi: mengisi
donlot: download
ntar: sebentar
emng: memang
rekomended: recommended
tlong: tolong
siip: sip
downlod: download
bln: bulan
trims: terima kasih
benerin: benarkan
thx: terima kasih
kasian: kasihan
bangat: banget
ngambil: mengambil
jls: jelas
mantaap: mantap
hrus: harus
trimaksih: terima kasih
bri mo: brimo
kurangin: kurangkan
terimkasih: terima kasih
ngeselin: mengesalkan
adain: adakan
unistal: uninstall
nyesal: menyesal
ampe: sampai
emg: memang
turunin: turunkan
masi: masih
ngabisin: menghabiskan
mlah: malah
stelah: setelah
tuker: tukar
msih: masih
mksh: terima kasih
aplikasih: aplikasi
hadeh: aduh
skrang: sekarang
bnr: benar
makasi: terima kasih
bner: benar
pesenan: pesanan
mantaaap: mantap
di bri: di brimo
dtg: datang
sngt: sangat
updet: update
sangatt: sangat
didasboard: di dashboard
maap: maaf
ngaco: mengacau
hadia: hadiah
rekomen: recommend
sangan: sangat
nyangkut: menyangkut
topet: brimo
josss: jos
brimoa: brimo
donload: download
telp: telepon
brng: barang
seler: seller
pelayananya: pelayanannya
ancur: hancur
bagussss: bagus
teruss: terus
belnja: belanja
narik: menarik
verivikasi: verifikasi
applikasi: aplikasi
platfrom: platform
entar: sebentar
terpecaya: terpercaya
jngan: jangan
suda: sudah
trimakasi: terima kasih
joss: jos
mantaf: mantap
jngn: jangan
gunain: gunakan
bbrp: beberapa
mantapppp: mantap
trmksh: terima kasih
dpet: dapat
mkin: makin
nnti: nanti
bkin: buat
pelatihanya: pelatihannya
rubah: ubah
suru: suruh
byar: bayar
sebenernya: sebenarnya
dibalikin: dibalikkan
onkir: ongkir
antaraja: anteraja
maen: main
kouta: kuota
dpat: dapat
bangett: banget
boss: bos
nginstal: menginstal
ngulang: mengulang
reting: rating
msuk: masuk
alesan: alas an
sanggat: sangat
tranfer: transfer
nmr: nomor
nungguin: menunggu
bls: balas
nulis: menulis
prnh: pernah
skarang: sekarang
dowlod: download
lbih: lebih
sblm: sebelum
rbu: ribu
lwt: lewat
sertipikat: sertifikat
bangettt: banget
thn: tahun
naikin: menaikkan
smga: semoga
lma: lama
gegara: gara-gara
nerima: menerima
nyuruh: menyuruh
merubah: mengubah
bangt: banget
msk: masuk
lngsung: langsung
ngadain: mengadakan
mantull: mantul
tq: terima kasih
dikasi: dikasih
mesan: memesan
penguna: pengguna
lgsg: langsung
membantuu: membantu
sangt: sangat
dibikin: dibuat
tlng: tolong
recomend: recommend
mhon: mohon
mengunakan: menggunakan
hnya: hanya
komplin: complain
lainya: lainnya
cekout: checkout
ngecewain: mengecewakan
hri: hari
goood: good
ttep: tetap
mao: mau
laen: lain
ngomong: mengomong
bukak: buka
nyampek: sampai
onlen: online
keliatan: kelihatan
kcewa: kecewa
gud: good
apus: hapus
teros: terus
pda: pada
sll: selalu
tmbh: tambah
makai: memakai
sanagat: sangat
sippp: sip
dibales: dibalas
ktanya: katanya
ngundang: mengundang
nyampai: sampai
orng: orang
tlpn: telepon
saranin: sarankan
ikutin: ikuti
perbaikin: perbaiki
munculin: munculkan
chek: check
trnyata: ternyata
rame: ramai
beerri: brimo
keluarin: keluarkan
belaja: belanja
sagat: sangat
bangus: bagus
mmbantu: membantu
ngeluh: mengeluh
loding: loading
bntang: bintang
pantes: pantas
entaraja: anteraja
binggung: bingung
mantaps: mantap
erorr: error
kmren: kemarin
responya: responnya
iklanya: iklannya
slesai: selesai
maksih: terima kasih
kepake: terpakai
kenceng: kencang
baikk: baik
brp: berapa
luarbiasa: luar biasa
nyampenya: sampainya
fahami: pahami
selsai: selesai
setifikat: sertifikat
ngasi: mengasih
rmh: rumah
dibri: di brimo
matap: mantap
dirubah: diubah
perna: pernah
truss: terus
mala: malah
sertivikat: sertifikat
sebel: sebal
mayan: lumayan
tmpt: tempat
membntu: membantu
okay: oke
mhn: mohon
skli: sekali
pokoke: pokoknya
ngajuin: mengajukan
bisaa: bisa
smakin: semakin
okey: oke
lagii: lagi
parahh: parah
mnta: minta
application: aplikasi
sekrang: sekarang
jangn: jangan
dwonload: download
diem: diam
jln: jalan
smp: sampai
siiip: sip
kerenn: keren
mintak: minta
mksih: terima kasih
ratting: rating
geratis: gratis
sipp: sip
pembayaranya: pembayarannya
mantulll: mantul
pliss: plis
okee: oke
bentar: sebentar
bangetttt: banget
hape: hp
karna: karena
mulu: terus
app: aplikasi
rb: ribu
nunggu: menunggu
nyesel: menyesal
dibrimo: di brimo
nomer: nomor
thanks: terima kasih
batalin: batalkan
notif: notifikasi
tambahin: tambahkan
kedepan: ke depan
servis: service
simple: simpel
thank: terima kasih
thank you: terima kasih
handphone: hp
dirumah: di rumah
tf: transfer
tokepedia: brimo
instant: instan
rek: rekening
nyusahin: menyusahkan
disaat: di saat
team: tim
bermamfaat: bermanfaat
bantuanya: bantuannya
brimonya: brimonya
fb: facebook
stiap: setiap
please: plis
dsini: di sini
diprakerja: di prakerja
bosen: bosan
diperbaharui: diperbarui
nyambung: menyambung
alhamdulilah: alhamdulillah
perbaharui: perbarui
kedepanya: ke depannya
diaplikasi: di aplikasi
bri: brimo
nyasar: menyasar
diatas: di atas
history: histori
pembaharuan: pembaruan
menganggu: mengganggu
berterimakasih: berterima kasih
sekedar: sekadar
asik: asyik
apliksi: aplikasi
signal: sinyal
diluar: di luar
hoak: hoax
disana: di sana
dibawah: di bawah
cust: customer
servis: service
waw: wow
crome: chrome
nyebelin: menyebalkan
urusin: uruskan
ngurus: mengurus
nyampah: menyampah
rejeki: rezeki
anterin: antarkan
respond: respon
tf: transfer
mantul: mantap betul
maantaapp: mantap
muaannnntaaapppp: mantap
mksah: terima kasih
mksih: terima kasih
bngat: banget
bgus: bagus
apl: aplikasi
jd: jadi
jdi: jadi
jg: juga
jgk: juga
gtu: begitu
bgt: banget
tp: tapi
tdk: tidak
gak: tidak
gk: tidak
ga: tidak
gx: tidak
krn: karena
krna: karena
knpa: kenapa
knp: kenapa
kpn: kapan
dpn: depan
blkg: belakang
sbnr: sebenarnya
bljr: belajar
tmn: teman
pke: pakai
pke: pakai
smg: semoga
mna: mana
dmn: di mana
trs: terus
ank: anak
sy: saya
pls: tolong
ntar: nanti
ntah: entah
btw: omong-omong
smg: semoga
pls: tolong
dr: dari
sbb: sebab
skrg: sekarang
gabisa: tidak bisa
gabisa: tidak bisa
gtau: tidak tahu
gt: ngerti
enggak: tidak
engga: tidak
ntah: entah
gakpapa: tidak apa-apa
gmna: bagaimana
gmn: bagaimana
kn: kan
kyk: seperti
gini: begini
gitu: begitu
jgan: jangan
moga: semoga
gaada: tidak ada
gakada: tidak ada
saldo: saldo
topup: isi ulang
tf: transfer
trf: transfer
rek: rekening
mutasi: mutasi rekening
dpst: deposito
brimo: BRImo
pin: PIN
user: pengguna
cust: pelanggan
nasabah: nasabah
req: permintaan
resp: respon
verif: verifikasi
otp: One-Time Password
notif: notifikasi
tagihan: tagihan
tgn: tagihan
akunsaya: akun saya
bnk: bank
min: minimal
plgn: pelanggan
custsvc: customer service
updet: pembaruan
nmr: nomor
trans: transaksi
trs: transaksi
blok: blokir
blokir: blokir
blokirnya: blokirnya
updatenya: pembaruan
prosesnya: proses
atm: ATM
token: token
digital: digital
trsk: transaksi
blck: blokir
usrnm: username
usernama: username
wkwk: haha
kuy: yuk
gn: guna
kalo: kalau
kl: kalau
mantep: mantap
mnta: minta
oy: halo
bro: kawan
sis: mbak
doi: pacar
sip: baik
seru: menarik
yaudah: sudah
ribet: rumit
tlg: tolong
yakali: tidak mungkin
dulu: sebelumnya
omg: ya ampun
eror: kesalahan
lemot: lambat
lag: terlambat
loading: memuat
connect: terhubung
discon: terputus
down: tidak aktif
nyangkut: berhenti
crash: terhenti
freeze: membeku
reboot: nyalakan ulang
macet: berhenti
responnya: responnya
mantul: mantap betul
gagal: tidak berhasil
complain: keluhan
komplen: keluhan
errornya: kesalahannya
solusi: solusi
problem: masalah
konekin: hubungkan
maaf: permohonan maaf
reset: atur ulang
restart: mulai ulang
ulang: perulangan
log: masuk
logout: keluar
access: akses
msg: pesan
help: bantuan
balas: menanggapi
info: informasi
jaringan: koneksi
confirm: konfirmasi
cek: periksa
update: pembaruan
renew: perpanjang
aktif: aktifkan
auto: otomatis
relokasi: memindahkan
redeem: tukarkan
blockir: blokir
status: status
transfer: pemindahan dana
withdraw: penarikan
deposit: setoran
account: rekening
balance: saldo
debit: debit
credit: kredit
limit: batas
cutoff: penutupan
bunga: persentase bunga
ekspres: cepat
garansi: jaminan
cs: customer service
layanan: layanan pelanggan
pelanggan: nasabah
tarif: biaya layanan
approval: persetujuan
verifikasi: pengesahan
banknya: banknya
pendapatan: penghasilan
promosi: penawaran khusus
kurs: nilai tukar
biaya: biaya
rekom: rekomendasi
auth: otentikasi
ak: akun
trf: transfer
jumlah: nominal
ok: baik
oke: baik
ayo: mari
kamu: anda
aku: saya
yuk: ayo
gpp: tidak apa-apa
udh: sudah
tg: tanggal
hari: hari
malam: malam
selamat: baik-baik
tunggu: menunggu
sabar: menunggu
sukses: berhasil
barusan: baru saja
pls: tolong
ingat: ingat
gampang: mudah
semangat: motivasi
aman: terjamin
lancar: tanpa masalah
terimakasih: terima kasih
sore: sore
hrg: harga
temen: teman
abang: mas
semua: semua
nyari: mencari
gitu: seperti itu
akhir: tamat
selesai: selesai
balik: kembali
stop: berhenti
mantulllll: mantap betul
mantul: mantap betul
mantulll: mantap betul
sgtuh: sangat
mmbantu: membantu
memebantu: membantu
